and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth show i'm your host
sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and today i'm joined by
ty frankel thai teaches agency owners
how you can scale super fast he owns and
runs agency empire a robust growth
platform and community for agency owners
tai welcome to the show sir how's it
going sam it's a pleasure man thank you
for having me no worries dude looking
forward to it so we're gonna be chatting
and sharing all about how you can easily
book meetings using linkedin with those
big juicy companies and start landing
some high value high ticket deals my
friends so
first and foremost
if if anyone tuning in isn't yet using
linkedin to generate leads generate
business why why should they why should
they be on the platform
uh it's easy
that's really it simple it's easy you
create a post it might take you 10-15
minutes a day
um if you know you're a little more
experienced it'll take you less and less
time and
just make your profile look really good
and it's just be like a beautiful place
to grow your network to get new deals to
build relationships and friendships
it's so high leverage so i would
recommend
everyone and grow their
their personal brand i guess on linkedin
yeah yeah yeah it makes sense i mean for
example here at webchoice without boring
every one of the details too much i
think right now it's our third best
performing channel and that's just from
the organic content i put out so we we
do about six figures roughly a year just
through the linkedin content
and congratulations
no cheers dude and that's under seo and
ppc which are kind of the first and
second top spot but if i can do it then
anyone can and you're going to share
with us some strategies i'm going gonna
learn some stuff and everyone tuning in
should as well um
so and and on that note you mentioned
kind of linkedin can be good for other
things not just generating business but
partnerships referrals and stuff like
that um because i know when i first
joined
back however many years it was i just
thought it was an online cv and
obviously over the years the platform
itself has grown and changed and evolved
and
a lot of people have come and made
fortunes from that um
are there certain usages you you find
that have been prominent for yourself in
terms of getting things out of linkedin
yeah growing my net i mean growing my
network i one thing i like to do is i
like to connect with people that are
doing cool
and i like to talk to them and you know
try to help them out um with whatever
they're doing whether that's if i can
make an intro if i could send them
resources
if i can give them a little bit of
knowledge if there's any way i could
help out
and just build my network that way and
then so many more things open up like
the bigger your network is the more deep
and intimate you have your relationships
are with people inside your rolodex and
in your network um the more leverage you
have to do anything
in business so if you want to get
you know partnerships referrals um
you know if you want to know xyz if you
want to hire someone right you could
reach out to your network and try to
hire someone if you want an introduction
made
to a specific person you could go out
and ask people and see on linkedin if
anyone you know is connected to them and
ask them for a for a warm intro where
you're guaranteed basically to get a
reply
so it's just a great place to facilitate
almost every single thing you do in
business
right you can connect with people
anywhere from people that are unemployed
on linkedin to ceos of 100 million
dollar and billion dollar sas companies
it's crazy
yeah yeah yeah like like you say the
possibilities is endless and i suppose
unlike a lot of channels you can you can
quite literally hunt for for the target
customer that you want using the search
facility and you've got so many
options in terms of finding them out
reaching to them using their network
leveraging your network your friends
network etc which i'm sure we'll get
into so with that all said sir
what is the process how does one go
about
booking meetings with um
ideal clients what i i guess to kick
this off what are the initial
considerations we need to think about
before we start
i guess connecting with people sending
sales pitches or do we even do that let
me know what what your uh your process
is
so there's a few different strategies
right and one strategy i have now
actually
so i have a membership site and like a
growth platform for agency owners right
and i have an offer
that's just so damn good for sas
companies
i basically say
hey
i'm gonna give you free distribution
inside agency empire
like let's work together give my members
a discount
i'll give my members access to your
software they'll you know they'll
discover it they'll use the code or link
or whatever
and sign up and become your customers
and that offer is just so good the sas
companies
are losing nothing by doing that all
they are all they're doing is just
gaining
right
so if you have an offer that's just that
good
then
it's very easy to sell on linkedin um
and it's very easy to do cold email and
things like that the thing is like
offer is everything right offer is
everything on linkedin offers everything
on cold email
so
how to make your offer great obviously
make sure that they can make a lot of
money save a lot of money or save a lot
of time thing
those itching here crazy
but make it make a lot of money save a
lot of money or save a lot of time
um
and then mitigate any downside or risk
right so it's like okay for example if
you're selling a service
for three thousand dollars a month
offer a money-back guarantee with that
right if you're selling a service for
three thousand a month think of doing a
performance-based deal because then the
risk is is they're not paying you three
thousand dollars every month instead
they're just paying you money on money
they on a percentage on money they
actually make
so there are different things you can do
to improve your offer
once that's done you want to personalize
at a very high level
and that's not just using someone's
first name
right that's actually going and writing
content the actual body of the outreach
message about that specific person about
their company about where they went to
school
whatever if i would write it about me
for example right i would write
and feel free to look at my linkedin
profile for for a reference but i would
write like
hey ty
agency empire looks awesome for agency
owners and i can't believe you produce
songs for fortnite that's my favorite
video game something like that where
it's like okay this person
really took the time to actually do at
least a little bit of research about me
right do that
and then you could you could
put a good amount of social proof in the
middle with a cta
you can make a sales pitch if it's like
for example my sales pitch for these sas
companies is hey
could get you distribution it's
literally four words
right could get you distribute
distribution let's talk and when your
offer is that good
that's all you got to do you don't have
to have this huge paragraph you don't
have to go back and forth ten messages
right trying to get build a relationship
with them or whatever
you could just state your offer in a
small amount of words and actually get a
lot of interest
yeah
yeah yeah okay well that's that's some
useful stuff around around offer um i
guess making it irresistible eliminating
risk
and adding that trust element with
things like social proof reviews
testimonials and all that good stuff
yeah so that's kind of strategy tactics
in terms of
i guess have you got any advice ty
around
how we should
so let's say um
for for example say it's perhaps we're a
sas company and we want to bring on
board some
i don't know we need to target some
crows chief revenue officers or sales
directors whatever the job role we're
going after that typically buy our stuff
um
how do we
what's your process for actually nailing
down do you make a list of people you
want to target using linkedin and then
start messaging them with your approach
there or is there some another way we
need to do it or is it
a bit more randomized or how does it
work for you
man on linkedin they just impose that
100 connect 100 new connections a week
limit or 100 connection requests a week
limit 100 to 150 i think
so that kind of mess with the automation
like before you could send what
an unlimited amount of connection
requests i'm pretty sure
that message that messes with it so what
you want to do now is you want to get
the most out of every single connection
request
right so it's like
why not
do it manually of course have some
templates that you use but those
templates need to include a good amount
of personalization
you could also include um what i like to
do is i like to include a ps
at the end and put another little bit of
personalization
in there as well
but in terms of targeting you know use
using sales navigator is really good to
get to someone very very specific
um or you could just use linkedin's
linkedin's built-in search and i mean
you could only send 100 to 150
connection requests a week so what i do
is i do it all manually because
the offer is just like worth so much to
me
an agency empire right if we get one sas
company that's
it's worth it doing manual outreach but
what you could also do is you could hop
on one of these um automation platforms
like expandy i know we have like a 30
discount in there um an agency empire
actually on expandy um
hop on one of these platforms set up
your campaigns you know your drip
campaigns have three or four messages
right so it's like you have the
connection message you have all these
follow-up messages once they do connect
if they don't respond to it and once
they respond the the campaign's over now
you have to get in there manually and
start messaging back and forth
but make sure you have actually
compelling
copy
and you make it personalized you make it
benefit driven you're addressing a
serious problem they have
because all the connection requests that
i get literally i go through the
connection requests are just
horrible and they're they're like
centered about they're like about you
it's about it's all about me me me it's
like hey tai i'm looking to expand my
network yep
why do i care about what you're trying
to do everyone is selfish inherently you
want to make it about the other person
right personalize it not just first name
make it about the other person benefit
driven address a real problem
um
and you'll be successful i mean you just
got to target well right make sure
you're
whoever you're reaching out to as a
problem yeah you're exactly right in
terms of the the connection requests i
mean i'm sure you're just like me you
get
get tons tons a day and half of them are
just saying i want to do xyz it said or
i want to join your network or i want to
sell you this or whatever it might
be
and it's like you could literally look
at my profile for five seconds rip off
something from there put my name in and
that would be better than what you're
doing and i'm probably going to click
accept if you do um exactly
i click accept every time on a
personalized request like if it's well
personalized i realize that person has
high self-awareness so they're probably
going to be successful in business
that's just an indicator
if someone sends personalized outreach
you know something that's very
personalized
it's like oh they do linkedin outreach
well so they probably do other things
very well
yeah so i accept it more times than not
if it's not if it's like i'd like to add
you to my network i literally ignore all
of those
yeah i guess it puts you on a good good
foot a good footing a good starting
point if you get get that right when
you're actually doing the initial
personalized request and taking the time
to look at that
once
once you have connected is there any
etiquette to actually doing that initial
do we call it a pitch in terms of the
frame what you've just shared with there
in terms of how you put your message
across in your
your offer um or should we just go for
it straight away or what what have you
seen that's that's working for you or
clients
what's working for me is just to pitch
in the connection request
and okay the offer is just so good i'm
just like basically how my format is
with these sas companies that i want to
you know get inside agency empire
hey first name
and then i write a personalized first
line about them specifically
right i just i give you guys an example
of one i would write about myself
and then i literally just write could
get you distribution let's talk tai
and i've gotten meetings with like ceos
of like 50 million hundred million
dollar sas companies
off that message
alone
so the personalization kind of breaks
down the barrier of
them actually
giving attention to your outreach okay
this person did research about me he
knows about me maybe what he's offering
actually
is catered to me directly so i'm gonna
actually read the rest of his pitch now
i read the rest of his connection
message
um
not everyone has as good as offer as i
have for sas companies
right so
what you want to do is you want to have
social proof what i like doing is a one
to two sentence case study
right
i could you could say like let's say
you're a facebook ads agency you could
be like just um
you know just made an extra 30k a month
revenue for
x company
um
let's chat about doing the same or
something like that where you're just
having you have social proof you have
that greeting personalized first line
you have some kind of social proof and
you have a cta
yeah um
on linkedin people say it's different
okay they like to do social selling but
for me like if your offer is just that
good
why are you wasting
wasting time with a prospect like
they're not going to appreciate you 10
15 20 messages and then you go and sell
them on something they're gonna suss
that out more often than not so what i
would do and what's what's worked for me
is just go
straight for the cell in the connection
not for the cell sorry pitch you want to
sell a phone call you're not selling
your service
sure right so sell a phone call on the
collec on the connection message if you
have a really great offer and you
personalize it it's going to do well
more often than not
got it i like that because it's it's
different there's a lot of people that
say you shouldn't
pitch or do anything like in the
connection request and i kind of like
the fact that you're being transparent
because ultimately social selling even
if you are just putting out organic
posts on linkedin
for me certainly the reason i talk about
websites and seo and give tips every day
because i want people to come to me when
they need to need those services i'm not
doing it for my health i'm doing it for
the business as well
um yeah so
yes you know why they say you know why
they say don't pitch
because they're really saying
don't pitch if your pitch sucks and if
your offer sucks
if your p if your pitch is really good
and your offer is just really good it
would really improve a prospect's life
it's low risk right
and the upside is great yeah the
prospect wants you to pitch them
they want their life to improve they
want to you know if you target well
they're going to want to buy your
service a lot of the time
so you're improving people's lives
that's the mindset you have to have you
can't have the mindset of oh i don't
want to pitch because i have to get them
to know them first my offer isn't good
enough no improve your offer so it's
really really really good it's unique
it's not a three thousand dollar
facebook ads retainer that everyone's
pitching you left and right it's more
unique than that if you're selling
facebook ads you can make your offer
more unique than that
right so if your offer truly improves
your prospects lives
pitch like pitch them but you're
pitching a phone call you're not
pitching
you're not like hey let's get started
today
yeah in the message you're like hey
let's hop on a call or something like
that sure sure yeah you're selling the
very start first meeting or whatever
that might be in your sales process
gotcha
so
let's say um
let's say we get a connection accepted
um but perhaps they don't respond to the
message is there like a follow-up
process that you've got ty or is there
some kind of sequence that we should do
to then kind of follow up that message
with
yeah you could you could do a quick bump
you know it depends on your first
message what it was did you actually
did you actually try to sell a phone
call or were you trying to do some
social selling if you're trying to do
social selling that it's fine it works
um
you know so build a relationship with
them in that case find out what their
pain points are try to help them out if
you have any free resources send it
their way
yep um you know comment on their posts
or whatever like build it build a
relationship right and then you could
sell on the back end cool but if you're
trying to sell right away
then
you could bump it up you know hey just
check me in did you see this
or literally just have to um what's it
called shift
shift six like where it says like the
little triangle
that's what i like to do
a little triangle and like hey i just
post you know it's kind of reminding
them hey i sent you this message before
the key the key also is like
non-neediness people really sense
if you're needy so you want to keep your
messages short if you have really long
messages
people either think you're copying and
pasting them templates or you're just
super needy which indicates you have a
low quality product or service you're
trying to sell them if you're not needy
you don't care you just send them the
two quick um
triangles or whatever just hey see what
i posted as a follow-up
that indicates non-eating is a quick
short message right that's something i
like doing and then i like also adding
more social proof okay so you could be
like hey just got another you know huge
win
um for ex-client you know we got y
result
or whatever let's talk or are you free
you know next week to chat
something like that
yeah yeah yeah so um
yeah i mean it's basically the opposite
of all the sales pitches that i imagine
anyone that's on linkedin is getting
where you just get like a three
paragrapher that just says we work for
xy company let me introduce myself
xyz here's our work when is a great time
for a 45 minute consult call
and by the time you've read it you've
fallen asleep you need a beer and you're
ready to finish um
so yeah yeah that's johnny man short and
sweet and no attachment to the outcome
yeah i like that so um
yeah
those are all those are all solid points
so
that's that's kind of outreach and and
putting together tailored personalized
requests and messages to idle prospects
um are there any other considerations we
should think about on outbound or should
we now perhaps chat chat about kind of a
few best practices when it comes to
getting these meetings inbound on
linkedin time
yeah i mean with outbound
your profile really makes a difference
as well
okay i mean you got to have great social
proof if you have any testimonials case
studies upload those
the amount of followers obviously makes
a difference i mean
sure some people think it's important
some think it's don't it's not
but it does people go on your profile
they see
30 000 followers they're gonna you know
respect you
um even though maybe you don't deserve
that respect much more than they would
respect someone with 200 connections so
followers are important get out there
start posting content start getting it
distributed
um
and just have a really good profile
because no one's gonna
respond to you
on outbound especially on linkedin
without clicking your profile first yeah
i guarantee that there's like a
it's gotta be like less than five ten
percent of people who respond to a sales
message um without clicking the person
they're responding to his profile
so you gotta have high levels of social
proof of authority
um teach people about what you do teach
people about your product or service or
what you actually provide
um
if you teach someone
right if you teach people through your
content and people are commenting
and they're learning and they're excited
people view you as this authority figure
because you're teaching others how to do
what you do
right if you post results you did with
other clients that's really good for
example you help the ecom store you know
boost the revenue by three million
dollars
write about that write about the results
you did write about how you did that
and just build that authority so when
people now they click you know you pitch
them you send outreach to them they
click your profile
you're just like this
amazing um person at what they do
yeah nice nice important um it's it's
amazing how powerful
linkedin can be i don't know if i've
shared this story before but
as as i said my my posts are pretty much
geared on educating people around
websites seo giving them tips and every
now and then we'll share a case study um
now
i've been doing that for what one and a
half two years something like that and
i guess the strongest example i've got
is when someone referred me to a
business
um for seo in this case they basically
said look you need to talk to sam to
help with your econ store seo to get you
ranked on google et cetera
set up a call with them because they had
i'd never spoken to this person that
referred me ever by the way and he just
introduced me straight away said look
can you get on a zoom with this company
that needs your help because i'm working
with them on something else in their
business
introduce me
it was basically sold before i even had
to speak a word because he'd hyped me up
so much because he'd been following me
for so long all they really asked was
kind of sam you need to learn a bit more
about our business what kind of solution
would you recommend and then they said
let's sign so it just shows you how
powerful this can be because people have
bought into you from the content you're
putting out over time i've built
um
the trust in you as a kind of i guess
expert in your field
and that that can come across so if it
can work for me it can work for anyone
um just like it's working yeah and many
other thousands of thousands millions of
people that are using the platform
so
any we've done profile optimization a
bit on the show before but any kind of
best practices just a quick run through
a few bullets in terms of kind of what
people should consider on their profile
ty
yeah
just a tagline that makes sense that
kind of
you know
an external facing tagline right so
someone reading your profile
they want you want to speak directly to
them and that's like that's a theme
throughout your whole profile so speak
directly to your prospects or customers
or clients or whatever
and then high levels of social proof
keep it short
what i like to do is i like to be high
energy
and charismatic
i try to match my match my personality
how i am in real life
talk like you would in real life i mean
that's just basic
copywriting
talk like you would in real life most
people don't do that they try to be too
formal
casual doesn't mean unprofessional
right casual just means friendly and
personable it could be it could mean
very professional
so
that's what i would recommend and then
just like incredibly high levels of
social proof just build that up like
that's what's going to invoke the trust
in your prospect to actually want to
reach back out to you
so case studies testimonials video
testimonials results you've gotten all
those are are really good
yeah yeah yeah so that does that just
mean kind of pasting a couple
testimonials inside the profile about
section or
what does that look like
i would keep it you could put it no i
don't think you can put it in the about
because it doesn't
you have to like
triple click the link and paste it into
your browser to see it i'm pretty sure
so i think in experiences is good
right if i'm not mistaken i could be
totally off base here but an experience
is good um in your featured section
it's also really good like especially if
you're selling a service
it's really good i mean if you're
building a personal brand put your put
your email newsletter in there put your
best offer that you're selling maybe a
top of the funnel offer lead magnet
things like that but if you're selling a
service put results in there put
testimonials in there case studies
and just overload them with social proof
the more the merrier basically there's
never enough
social proof that you could you could
provide
yeah yeah yeah um
and in terms of
the actual content so i know ty on your
post you get a heck of a lot of traction
as it were you get a lot of views you
get a lot of likes a lot of comments a
lot of engagement um are there any best
practices or any
tips tricks hacks that you've um that
you could recommend when it comes to not
only putting out
content like we were talking about that
kind of positions you as a trusted
advisor in your space
so it also helps attract inbound as well
as the outbound strategies but any other
ways for getting it distributed
and getting getting potential prospects
to view your content
yeah so
what i do
and i'm not
ashamed of this at all bashful whatever
is and there's no there's no reason to
be really it's just a game that you're
playing after all right so
what i do is
i pay three or four people maybe three
people now i think one one um we ended
the relationship with
where they have a big audience
and a specific niche
and mine is probably marketing agencies
um things like that
and
we pay them every month right i pay them
every month i'm not going to disclose
the amount but they have hundreds of
thousands of followers combined you know
three of these people
and they comment and like on every
single one of my posts
and what that does is
linkedin's algorithm now picks it up and
it shows my posts to their followers
right right and every single post that i
make you could pretty much guarantee 10
000 views
and i started doing this august 21st
of 2021
and you could see there's a stark
difference it's not because i started
writing better content it's not because
anything else it's because
i started actually paying for
distribution
i did that on linkedin it worked really
well
i did something similar but
a little different and i actually wasn't
paying
on twitter i just had homies and friends
who would like and reply
um and retweet from time to time as well
but all social media is is a content and
a distribution game
and then your profile has to convert
them if you have great content great
that's step one if you have distribution
now you're getting great a lot of
eyeballs on your content okay so they're
gonna click your profile and be curious
about who you are now if your profile
converts them into leads or in the
customers or clients
now you're getting a ton of you
know leads customers or clients you're
making a lot of money from your social
media profile so it's content
distribution
profile
and then whatever back end you have set
up to get followers to convert them into
actual money right leads customers
clients
yeah yeah yeah that's that's nicely
summed up and and that's a big part of
it right because especially when
people start on linkedin it's quite hard
work and
it's also in the sense that you might
put out a post it might get zero or one
like and then you might do this
consistently for a day for well every
once a day
once a week day and then you'll slowly
get more and more engagement more views
more likes but it's not fast um
certainly from my experience it took a
long time to and i still don't get
massive likes and comments on my post
which doesn't frustrate me too much
because i'm gearing it to a specific
audience that perhaps interested in what
we offer and then every now and then
we'll get inquiries but what you've
shared there it sounds like it's almost
a rocket booster to um
get your post in front of
these contacts that have got massive
networks so all of their network all of
their thousands of thousands of contacts
will then see your post
so then the potential is is huge for for
getting that inbound because the
distribution is massive more people are
going to click through your profile and
then i guess more inbound leads that's
what it is and
how you do it naturally is you build
relationships with these people
naturally so if you don't want to pay
people great first of all it's going to
be more inconsistent no one's going to
comment on your post every single day
they will from time to time but
it's most likely not who you want to do
that
but what you can do if you want to do
this for free is just
build relationships with people that
have a lot of engaged followers on
linkedin so how you build a relationship
is
basically how you do b2b outreach other
than you're not pitching a product or
service you're just adding value to
their lives so you suss out first of all
you connect with them make it personal
you suss out a specific problem that
they might have
okay maybe to fix that problem you can
make an introduction for them maybe you
can provide them with a free resource
maybe if you have a sas product
or
info product or whatever a service you
can provide them something for free
okay you just keep adding value to their
lives you comment on their posts you
like their posts you engage you ask them
questions okay you don't waste their
time no one likes to waste time with a
stranger no one's just gonna hey how are
you doing no one's gonna reply to that
send them a message with actual value
yeah okay if you do that and you build
relationships they're automatically
going to gravitate towards your posts
and start commenting on their posts
just on reciprocation
just based off that reciprocation of oh
this person's done
a lot for me he's added a lot of value
for my luck to my life
he hasn't asked for anything yet
i'm gonna go and add a little bit of
value back to their lives by commenting
on their posts and through that you know
you can get to 10 20 30 50 hundreds of
influencers eventually
and your posts are now going to blow up
because you have those deep genuine
intimate relationships and lots of
influencers are now commenting on your
posts so you can also do it without
paying yeah i do both i pay so i have
that consistency on every single post
and then i also build relationships with
people like you with people like
justin welsh and tons of other people as
well
sure cool man well that's that's two
nice ways to to build your network get
your get your content in front of a big
audience
that's what people miss they just think
if they make the content it's gonna and
it's great content it's gonna have a lot
of views it's not how it works
you need distribution which means other
people with an engaged following that
engage with you there's that's a deal
breaker you need that so if you go about
that
without paying or with paying whichever
way you do it just make sure it actually
works
this distribution is one of the things
that hamstring many marketing strategies
so it's just like starting a podcast you
can start a podcast you might start with
no listeners you've got to get it in
front of people whether that's sharing
on social sharing to email lists putting
it on your website getting your guests
to share it yeah
starting seo flowing through putting out
blogs and articles and all that good
stuff so yeah like like many things it
needs to get distributed in front of the
right people to to get the results you
want so yeah nice summary dude so
that's that's pretty much it i think in
terms of today's show there any final
notes that you think people need to
consider before we wrap things up sir
i think that's it i think we covered it
i mean i've been able to get about 2 000
new followers a month on linkedin
with with my strategy um well another
thing you could do is if you have
another pro another
social media like i had twitter
i was banned like a month and a half ago
i had a good amount of followers on
there and i used to just take the best
content
the the um content that performed the
best on twitter yep and repurposed it to
linkedin and twitter was kind of like um
you know i tested it on there and the
best content i just took that and i
i knew some content performed amazingly
on twitter and i kind of repurposed
purposed it for linkedin posted it it
didn't perform well but most of it did
most of it at least had some kind of
translation if you have another platform
that you could test your content out on
do it and then just take the best
content and put it on linkedin
that's what i would recommend as well
yeah that's a smart idea because you
know it's already got a good amount of
engagement and people enjoyed it i've
got one other point which which has just
come to my to my mind um
now
and feel free to to say this is loaded
bs but i know some some people that post
on linkedin say before you put out a
piece of content if you want it to
perform its best you need to
warm up the algorithm um in inverted
comments meaning you need to there's
different people have got different ways
of describing this but you need to
comment on x amount of posts or like x
amount of posts or
do these things that basically show so
you know when you're scrolling on the
linkedin feed on your mobile or your pc
whatever you can see that tyres like
this post or tyre's comment at this post
so you do that on several posts so it
warms up the algorithm so it gets your
name out there let's say you do a post
every morning before you do your morning
post and then your post is going to get
more traction what are your thoughts on
that
i have no thoughts on that does that
actually work that's dope i don't know
but i've heard it from a from a few guys
on linkedin so i kind of do it so i
might wake up in the morning set up and
then do engage on a few posts and then
put mine out um not like i can say i've
got a massive strategy like i know some
do
kind of comment on certain influences
like people with high networks large
networks like you were talking about and
then they'll
put their own post out but that's not
something you've done much of i guess i
mean i know that's i know it's important
i don't do it right before i post
i just do it whenever and i it's
definitely part of my strategy
commenting on other people's posts but
not necessarily right before i post
and i mean take a look at my engagement
if you think it's good then maybe it's
not necessary but maybe maybe it would
help whatever you're doing it's working
sir so uh
yeah with that with that so thanks
thanks very much for coming on man
enjoyed the conversation thanks for
sharing your tips and um do tell us more
about how people can learn from you a
bit more about your business and a bit
the best way for people to get in touch
absolutely so quickly i mean best way to
get in touch thai tyfrankel.com shoot me
an email
always respond most of the time respond
if it's a good if shoot me a good email
that's worth responding to
um man i own a growth platform in a
community for agency owners called
agency empire and
how i created this is i basically tried
to think okay what was
the way
i could help agency owners scale the
most in the most leveraged way and just
provide them with everything they need
and we're doing that with agency empire
so you come in you get discounts on 19 i
think software products now it's going
to be over 50 within a couple months
there's master classes there's live q
and a's there's workshops
there's a community aspect to it there's
no effort networking so we build your
network for you we build you a referral
alliance you can sell your agency on the
back end there's buyers and investors
that we have
um
definitely missing a couple things
there's service partners so we work with
like seo people and google ads people
and no code automation consultants
anyone who you'd possibly want to hire
to scale as an agency
we have on board
put them through a very stringent
vetting process to make sure they'll get
you the results that you need
and yeah i mean try it out it's like a
buck for 14 days i mean if you don't
like it you lost a dollar i mean
you know if you're scared about losing a
dollar
don't try it
but if you can afford to to lose a
dollar um try it out
see if you like it if you don't no harm
no foul um agency empire.to
yeah i mean my plan is to get that thing
to 3000 members within 12 months
we have some
really cool things lined up some really
cool partnerships as well with some big
companies excited
nice one man we'll put all those links
over on the show notes at
businessgrowth.marketing
and with that i want to thank you for
coming on once again thank you sam it's
a pleasure
no worries man and as always if you
enjoyed today's show be sure to hit that
subscribe button we interview business
leaders each and every week to provide
actionable marketing tips to grow your
business and grow your sales revenue and
with that we shall catch you on the next
one